Book: The Swift Programming Language
https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/
1. Read: Control Transfer Statement - Control Flow Section
2. Read: API Availability - Control Flow Section
3. Read: Recursive Enumerations -
4. Read: Subscript -
5. Read: Convenience initializer - Initialization Section
6. Read: Deinitialization -
7. Read: Optional Chaining -
9. Read: Downcasting - Type Casting Section
10. Read. Delegation - Protocols Section
10. Read: Optional Protocol Requirements - Protocols Section
11. Read: Automatic Reference Counting -

## Questions:
1. What is the difference between var and let?
'let' is a constant and cannot change its value once declared and the 'var' can change its value at any time.
2. What is an optional?
It can contain a value or be nil.
3. What is optional chaining vs optional binding?
Optional chaining verifies that the object with the symbol of '?' and it performs the corresponding action if the element exists.
Optional binding is similar to chaining, bet the difference the validation is inside with an 'if'.
4. What are the different ways to unwrap an optional? How do they work? Are they safe?
They're 'an if else block , optional binding, optional chaining, forced unwrapping and with the nil coalescing operator'
"if else block" is done with a block and validates that it isn't nil.
"Optional binding" is done with a block using the 'if-let'.
"Optional chaining" checks with operator '?', it verifies the value of its chained elements exists.
"Forced unwrapping" ensures that value always exists, it throws an error if it's null.
"nil coalescing operator" checks if the value is null assigns a default value. 
Forced unwrapping is not safe, it may throw an error. It is only used when the value will always be different from nil. 
5. What is a closure? 
They're anonymous functions, they contain encapsulated functions
6.What is the difference between a class and a struct?
Classes are reference types and structs are value types, and the classes can inherit.
7. What is the syntax '??' do?
"nil coalescing operator" checks if the value is null assigns a default value. 
8. What is a tuple?
Is a kind of dictionary and returns multiple values from a function call.
9. What is Any vs AnyObject?
Any is used for all types and AnyObject is used for Class Types.
10. What is a protocol?
Defines rules, structures that must be carried out, it's adopted by a class.
11. What is Delegation?
Is a pattern, the core purpose of the delegate pattern is to allow an object to communicate back to its owner in a decoupled way.



Read this article
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/choosing_between_structures_and_classes

